Add instructions for adding a moderator (#4652)
kubernetes/community: communication/moderation.md

- [Zoom Guidelines](./zoom-guidelines.md)
- [Moderators](./moderators.md#zoom)

### Process for Adding a Moderator

This is the workflow for adding a moderator. 

> - Moderator applies by filing an issue in the kubernetes/community repo

Reviewer: It might be worth linking directly to the issue template for these 👍

> - Moderator get's 2 approvals from sponsors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Moderator gets 2 approvals from sponsors
```
nit -- might also be better worded as `Moderator gets approval from 2 current moderators`

- Add the person to their respective moderation tool:
  - Slack - Add them as a slack workspace admins (instructions pinned on #slack-admins-private): Invite them to #slack-admins-private, #slack-admins, #slack-log, #slack-reports and #slack-invites
  - Discuss - Change their permission to moderator

>   - Google group - PR the person into the correct yaml file in kubernetes/k8s.io

Reviewer: This is only true things that `@kubernetes.io` properties. k-dev etc are still managed out of band through the UI

  - Ensure they add that they are an admin in their profile page on whatever service they are administrating

> - Add them to the moderators mailing list by PRing them into this file: https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/master/groups/groups.yaml

Reviewer 2: In the PR description, include a link to the issue the moderator filed

[Steering Committee]: https://git.k8s.io/steering
[moderator request]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/issues/new/choose
[moderator template]: https://git.k8s.io/community/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/moderator_application.md

> [filing an issue]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/issues/new/choose

Reviewer 2: I think this is what @mrbobbytables was asking for
```suggestion
[filing an issue]: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/issues/new?assignees=&labels=area%2Fcommunity-management%2C+sig%2Fcontributor-experience&template=moderator_application.md&title=REQUEST%3A+New+moderator+for+%3Cyour-GH-handle%3E+of+%3Ck8s+property%3E
```

Reviewer: It was^^;;;
